---
title: FuzeBox - Lesson 3
layout: post
author: harvey.russell
permalink: /lesson-3/
tags:
- fuze
source-id: 1io8AjM5v820ixtWwlhBrNq81Ihti9s_N4jAmtBP1U6k
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box - Lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson I was in Cologne this lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


